[doc] 6.8 deprecation logging bug - known issue (#62869)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/release-notes/6.7.asciidoc

any indices by using the <<ilm-remove-policy,Remove Policy API>>.
(issue: {es-issue}/40824[#40824])

> Deprecation Logging::
> 
> In a mixed cluster environment where one of the nodes is 6.7 but coordinating node is 6.7
> an exception will be thrown when a deprecation warning is emitted on pre 6.7 node.
> it was introduced by (PR: {es-pull}/37622[#37622]) in order to speed up the performance of header warning parsing.

Reviewer: I left a suggestion for wording here. Please review to ensure I didn't introduce errors.
The original text isn't1 clear about which node is pre-6.7.

```suggestion
Deprecation logging::
If the coordinating node for the upgrade uses {es} 6.7 and another node uses an
earlier 6.x or 5.x version, {es} will emit a deprecation warning and return an error. This
behavior was introduced {es-pull}/37622[#37622] to speed up header warning
parsing.
```

Author: good point, it did not made sense :D thanks

> 
> (issue: {es-issue}/60561[#60561])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(issue: {es-issue}/60561[#60561])
```
